---
tagline:
tags:
  - diary-card
  - homework
created: 2025-11-06,  13:39
created_time: 13:39
created_date: 2025-11-06
---
.
# Diary Card Entry:
## `=this.file.ctime`


## context::". Rather than try to *change* what I'm doing, how I'm feeling, what I'm thinking, etc... I'd like to shift focus towards noticing them, and connecting with how they feel physically."

I'm having a hard time connecting with myself right now.  
* I feel disoriented within myself.  
* A lot of things I've developed in order to be okay within my external circumstances are proving to get in the way of the way I want to show up in my life now.
* I'm also confused by how some things with Juan affect me, and struggling to gauge how much of what I'm feeling is okay to feel --

I've gotta stop myself right here for a moment.
- Every part of my own feelings are valid and okay to feel. 
- I am entitled to my own emotional experience 
- having an emotion or a thought is always okay to do, no matter what it is.  
- It's what we DO with them that changes things around 
- denying ourselves how we feel actually makes it more likely that what we then do with it ends up being harmful

so it's okay to just recall my own experience and be curious about it without judgement.  It will help me gain insight.  This is what I need.


Here's the situation: 
* Juan feels discouraged that I responded with annoyance, saying that it feels unmotivating to try to improve when he may be hit with a similar reaction to when he wasn't.  
* I went upstairs for lunch, our time together during weekdays right now.  
	* It's the only guaranteed 45 minutes of time that we have during the days when I'm in the program.  
		* Sometimes I'll stay up later than I should so that we can have time after he gets out of work, though I would rather be settling down before that most nights.. I miss having time together and I want to hear about his day. 
		* (Note: I had not specifically communicated this, and it is not his responsibility to know it)
* I've been frustrated for a while now that every day I have to try to pull him away from a game he's currently absorbed in.  
	* He *does* stop and hop off within five minutes, and I appreciate that very much. 
* To me, these moments feel similar and connected to the greater challenge he has with organizing time in general. 



* He was uncomfortable, I see the validity in his perspective, and I find myself doubting whether I'm allowed to have my feelings and be annoyed.  
	* He *is* trying very hard, he's doing amazing, and his efforts are showing. This is all true and I celebrate it 
	* It's still frustrating in moments when it feels like he doesn't respect other people's time, or struggles to prioritize tasks to work within what he's got. 
	* I don't look at this as being at fault; it just creates situations that are challenging for me sometimes.
* 







Rankings:  0-10


### Mind State
*(Add 0-10 where relevant)*
* emotion-mind::☑️
* rational-mind::
* wise-mind::

* dissociation::9


### Emotions
- contentment::
- sorrow-grieving::
- guilt-shame::
- anger-resentment::
- anxiety-fear::
### Struggles
- intrusive-thoughts::
- memory-lapses::
- brain-explosions::
- all-or-nothing-thinking::
### Habits
(yes or no)
* get-outside::
* moist-chamber::
#### Meals
* breakfast::
* lunch::
* dinner::
* cups-of-water::

# Blood Pressure Stuff

* blood-pressure::" / "
* pulse::"  "
### symptom tracking 
*(Scale of 0 to 10)*

* light-headed::" "
* dizzy::" "



---
.